Update documentation for languages (#8)
MapsPeople/documentation: sdks-and-frameworks/web/map-management/display-language.md

# Languages

MapsIndoors languages are independent of the chosen languages on the device on which the app is used. This means that you need to explicitly tell MapsIndoors which language to use.

> Example blow shows **'Languages'** section and dropdown from which you can select languages:

Reviewer: I guess you mean below 😁

<div>
    <img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/languages-default-view.png" alt="">
</div>

> When solution has only one language, this language will be the default one. You are able to add as many languages as you want to and choose which one should be the default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a solution has only one language, that language will be the default one. You are able to add as many languages as you want to and choose which one should be the default one.
```
